Updates for recent 1.12 versions (#535)
CraftTweaker/CraftTweaker-Documentation: docs/1.12/content/AdvancedFunctions/Expansion_Methods.md

# Expansion Methods

> You can add more methods to an already existing class. It is pretty like a custom function and can replace the former in some cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add more methods to an already existing class. It is pretty much like a custom function and can replace a pre-existing method in some cases.
```
